#labels Featured
 # === General ===
  * [Acknowledgements Acknowledgements]
  * [HowToUseTheLibrary How to use the library]
  * [Security Security]
  * [UrlConstants How to get XML Responses from a local web server instead of the eve api]
  * [AdvNetwork Advanced Network Setup] - Using a proxy and customizing the User Agent string.
 # === Supported Eve Api Requests ===
  * [AccountBalances Account Balances] - Information about a character or corporation's accounts.
  * [AllianceList Alliance List] - A list of all the alliances in the game and their member corporations.
  * [AssetList Asset List] - A detailed list of all a character or corporations assets in the universe.
  * [CharacterList Character List] - The list of characters associated with an account
  * [CharacterNameIdLookup Character Name / ID Lookup] - Find a character name using a character id or vice versa.
  * [CharacterPortrait Character Portrait] - A character's image from the game.
  * [CharacterSheet Character Sheet] - Detailed information about a character
  * [ConquerableStationList Conquerable Station List] - The list of all conquerable stations in the universe.
  * [CorporationSheet Corporation Sheet] - Detailed information about a corporation
  * [ErrorList Error List] - A list of all the possible error messages returned by the eve api.
  * [IndustryJobs Industry Job List] - Industry jobs that have been performed or are currently in progress.
  * [JournalEntries Journal Entries] - A list of journal entries for a corporation or character.
  * [KillLog Kill Log] - A list of kills for a character or corporation.
  * [MarketOrders Market Orders] - A list of market orders by a character or corporation.
  * [MapJumps Map: Jumps] - Represents the number of jumps per system from the eve api.
  * [MapKills Map: Kills] - Represents the number of kills per system from the eve api.
  * [MapSovereignty Map: Sovereignty] - Returns a list of solarsystems and what faction or alliance controls them.
  * [WalletTransactions Market / Wallet Transactions] - Market / Wallet transactions for a character or corporation.
  * [MemberTracking Member Tracking] - Detailed current information about the members of a corporation.
  * [RefTypes RefTypes List] - A list of the reference types used in journal entries.
  * [SkillInTraining Skill In Training] - Information about the skill a character is currently training.
  * [SkillTree Skill Tree] - A list of all the skills in the game.
  * [StarbaseDetail Starbase (POS) Details] - Detailed information about a starbase (POS).
  * [StarbaseList Starbase (POS) List] - A list of all starbases (POS's) owned by a corporation.
 # === Reference ===
  * [APIReference EVE API Reference] - A (semi-complete) reference of the EVE Api that the library uses to grab data]
  * [ApiResponse The ApiResponse base class]
  * [Roles Roles class] - A pilot's roles in a corporation.
  * [CorpRoles Corporation roles explained]
  * ResponseCache
 # === Library Development ===
  * [DevelopmentEnvironment Setting up the development environment]